# EmerCare

First Aid and Healthcare Mobile Application: EmerCare

[EmerCare APK for Android][EmerCare APK]

---

Most people know the importance of first aid and healthcare knowledge to them, but most of them do not take action to learn it. In recent years, people started looking into this issue and are more concerned about their health since they cannot go to the clinic or hospital frequently to avoid getting the Covid-19. On the other hand, in some families, there are some family members with diseases such as Diabetes or High Blood Pressure and they need to constantly monitor their blood sugar level or blood pressure level to know their health condition. Doctors may also need their health reports to give the prescription to them. However, there are some first aid and mobile healthcare applications in the market that only focus on one functionality such as first aid learning or blood sugar lever tracker, but there is no mobile application that includes all of these functionalities. Some of these applications may need the users to subscribe to use their services and some of them are not user-friendly and need to be tech-savvy to use them. The objective of First Aid and Healthcare Mobile Application: EmerCare is to promote first aid and healthcare knowledge and to provide a free and user-friendly health tracker for users. Besides, this project aims to develop an application that users have to download one application. They can have functions that can be used during emergencies and daily healthcare. Hence, our users can use this application to record their health data and track their data with a user-friendly dashboard for free. Besides, our users from all around the world can contact or navigate to their nearby hospital, police station and more with a click without having a long time of searching when they are having an emergency issue. Moreover, our users can also have full access to the resources of first aid, healthcare and more in the form of text, video and more for free.

[EmerCare APK]: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1avr0T_pNohy8dNjJEvyy_ZRyjIMVrj0q/view?usp=sharing